gonna be fully transparent Michael comes
across and says that he's got nothing to
hide he wants to be fully transparent in
this particular email probably one of
the most important pieces of evidence if
you want to use that word or proof or of
communication between them so just a bit
of context this particular email was
written by likes it was written by
hammer to Harley so Helen initiated this
particular email to Harley and this
email was dated you can see the date
stamp it was in the first few weeks of
November so if you go to going according
to the timeline this happened
possibly in two or three weeks there are
somewhere around there after the alleged
rape happened so this was in the period
that Michael refers to as the
quote/unquote blackmail period while
Hayley was blackmailing her so she
couldn't even tell them what had really
happened so I just like the viewer to
asked himself a simple question put
yourself in Hannah's position
she's allegedly been raped by Harley
she's been molested she's been choked
and then she's been blackmailed by
Harley and just look at what word she
uses and the way that she uses the words
so we've got a big thank you all in
capital letters followed by an
exclamation mark just watch the video
and really appreciate it will do more
cleavage in the thumbnails so just ask
yourself put yourself in my position
like I say she's allegedly been raped
choked blackmailed is this the type of
wording and the type of tone in capital
letters with exclamation mark thank you
and then really appreciating it and then
talking about putting more cleavage you
know future videos to me this doesn't
strike me as the wording that someone
who's been raped and blackmailed would
be using and even more importantly and
more suspicious is why my
has intentionally left out the email
when he goes through the following video
of Holly's go through the last video he
made about Hannah at this time so he had
emails so he had emails so he had emails
so yes Michael he did have emails but
you intentionally left out the most
important email so why did you leave out
the email is the question so you got
nothing to hide and this is just a
couple of days after this is just a
couple of days after she alleges that I
prayed on her or whatever she's alleging
why would you tag your attacker on your
breast she also sent this Facebook
message after Hannah's video so here's
fairly telling Hannah that her video was
seriously unnecessary and that it wasn't
a hundred percent accurate
like there weren't any vibes or Hannah
didn't find him attractive and then
suddenly he asks about this like it's a
completely normal reaction to be like
what do you mean because there was
nothing there yeah it was very
uncomfortable so I was on the ground in
Chiang Mai wow this was going on and the
days around that period of time leading
up to it
they were very flirtatious around each
other now I was in Chiang Mai for a
total of us 7 months between late August
to mid March of this year and in that
time I hung out with them on multiple
occasions for often an hour or more
don't remember it precisely but it
either Hanna was leaving or had just
gotten back and Michelle from fruit for
Jam I think a channel name is who is
also living in that apartment building
made a joke about Hanna getting a bike
pump from Harley pump and funny thing is
it turned out to actually be true anyway
so I was on the ground in Chiang Mai
while this was going on and the days
around that period of time leading up to
it there were very flirtatious around
each other and I had known from another
source that told me that Harley and
Frehley had taken a break in the
relationship so I thought something was
gonna go on between the two of them what
she did
of course well Harley and
and they were sitting across from each
other and say one this is after they had
their little interaction and it was
laughing hardly to say something I don't
don't really stain but and Hannah be
laughing her ass that's not the behavior
of somebody who's been sexually
assaulted or receiving unwanted advances
in this video I'm asking you a simple
question
but it's a question that would really
have far-reaching deep implications for
you if you took it seriously if you took
a dart
what if durianrider actually is innocent
what does that say about you what does
that say about us what are the lessons
we are going to learn from the recent
history of this so-called vegan movement
because the same movement that did this
to him did it to me do you think it's
hard for me to sympathize with the
position he's been put into do you think
I don't know what it's like to have
thousands of people judging you guilty
of a crime without even spending five
minutes to give the most cursory of
consideration to the evidence I know
exactly what it's like because irony of
ironies when the false allegations were
made against me they were made by
durianrider himself when I say that
during a minor is actually innocent I
don't mean he's innocent of the charges
I accused him of I took him to court for
defamation because he defamed me he
damaged my life
terrible unforgiveable ways with long
term consequence of me he is what it is
but you know there's something most of
us learned way back in grade two two
wrongs do not make a right I wouldn't
now try to take revenge against him by
doing the same thing to him that he did
to me I would not now try to jump on the
bandwagon with a set of allegations that
I know to be false
all you guys have to look in the mirror
I know there's only so many thousand of
you but what do you think how many
thousand people does it take to save the
world
that's what we were talking about right
that's why you all got drawn like moths
to the flame to freelee and durianrider
and even my channel for what it used to
be right it was this promise save the
planet save the animals save thousands
of people from dying of heart attacks
and cancer that could be avoided
there was this good and pure and
pressing moral cause that was partly
about ecology and partly about ethics
and partly about health and yeah sure
partly about losing weight and looking
great and going to the beach that should
have been a footnote to the movement and
it became our headline but whatever I
mean it's all there it's all good
there's all the potential for us to try
to become better people ourselves try to
make the world a better place there's so
much good there and yet you seen people
you same few thousand people instead of
turning into a dynamic influential
political movement what did you turn
into you turned into a sub-genre of
YouTube drama videos you turn into a
crowd that just cheers for blood that
doesn't care doesn't care about the
difference between truth and fiction the
difference between justice and injustice
and yet like more than half of you think
you're you're part of a social justice
movement all right guys the link to this
YouTube channel simply called truth is
below this video I hope you really think
about it there was a time when I had to
come on camera and explain my own
innocence against totally unreasonable
allegations from Darren Ryder and now
I'm in the opposite position of asking
you look if you can do this to me you
the audience and then you can turn
around to do with the durianrider
who's next you think you're too good
you think anyone is above reproach being
tarred and condemned with this same
brush do you think the audience is going
to be any more skeptical the next time
it happens durianrider
needs to be held accountable that's why
I took him to court he did terrible
things okay there are a lot of people in
this audience right now who need to
reflect you need to hold themselves
accountable nobody else will
[Music]